Update relative links example in the links and images lesson (#23014)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/html-foundations/links-and-images.md

Refresh the index page in the browser and try clicking the about link again, it should now be back in working order.

> In many cases, this will work just fine. However, you can still run into unexpected issues with this approach. Prepending `./` before the link will in lots of cases do the trick. By adding  `./` you are specifying to your code that it should start at the `current` directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, this will work just fine; however, you can still run into unexpected issues with this approach. Prepending `./` before the link will in most cases prevent such issues. By adding  `./` you are specifying to your code that it should start looking for the file/directory *relative* to the `current` directory. 
```
